DG Automoderation page for the website (#86)
nhsengland/datascience: docs/our_work/ratings-and-reviews.md

---
title: "NHS.UK: Automatic Moderation of Ratings & Reviews"

> summary: "Automated moderation of reviews submitted to NHS.UK. "

Reviewer: How about something which shows off the impact of your work a bit more?
```suggestion
summary: "Using NLP to reduce the average moderation time on the NHS.UK website from days to seconds "
```

[The reviews policy is here.](https://www.nhs.uk/our-policies/comments-policy/)

## Results

- Reduced moderation time from days to seconds.
- Gives users opportunity to edit reviews when rules are broken, which increases the proportion of reviews which will get published.
- Service is much more scaleable now - no longer constrained by moderation capacity.
- All models match or out-perform the way the work was done before.
- First AI product to gain clinical approval within NHS.UK.

## Outputs

| Output                             | Link                                                                 |
| ---------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Published Repo for Flask app       | [Github Repo](https://github.com/nhsengland/nhsuk.moderation-api)   |
<!-- | Published repo for creating models | [Github Repo](PUT LINK HERE) | -->

> [comment]: <> (The below header stops the title from being rendered (as mkdocs adds it to the page from the "title" attribute) - this way we can add it in the main.html, along with the summary.)

Reviewer: This will make it so the header doesn't appear twice
```suggestion
[comment]: <> (The below header stops the title from being rendered (as mkdocs adds it to the page from the "title" attribute) - this way we can add it in the main.html, along with the summary.)
#
```
